and it will not go down any further
but what we have here left is the
error or offset or deviation
now suppose i had linked the
proportional
action in such a way that
when the error is so much
the wall will be full open
and when the
level is very high here the wall will be
full shut
we know that
the
water level has to be between these two
points it is not possible for the water
level to cross
these two limiting points it has to be
somewhere in between these two points
now we can see that this is
quite a change in level possibility if i
don't want the water level to fluctuate
so much between these two points and it
should be fluctuating only between these
two points
what i what do i need to do
i need to ensure that
when the level is here
my wall is full open
and when the level is here the ball is